feat: add error log skywalking reporter (#4633)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/error-log-logger.md

| -------------------------------- | ------- | ----------- | ------------------------------ | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tcp.host                         | string  | required    |                                |         | IP address or the Hostname of the TCP server.                                                        |
| tcp.port                         | integer | required    |                                | [0,...] | Target upstream port.                                                                                |
| tcp.tls                          | boolean | optional    | false                          |         | Control whether to perform SSL verification.                                                         |
| tcp.tls_server_name              | string  | optional    |                                |         | The server name for the new TLS extension  SNI.                                                      |

> | skywalking.endpoint_addr         | string  | required    | http://127.0.0.1:12900/v3/logs |         | the http endpoint of Skywalking.                                                                     |

Reviewer: Once you provide a default value it is no longer required.

Author: Got it.

| skywalking.service_name          | string  | optional    | APISIX                         |         | service name for skywalking reporter                                                                 |
| skywalking.service_instance_name | String  | optional    | APISIX Instance Name           |         | Service instance name for skywalking reporter, set it to `$hostname` to get local hostname directly. |

> | host                             | string  | optional    |                                |         | (`Deprecated`, replaced with `tcp.host`) IP address or the Hostname of the TCP server.               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| host                             | string  | optional    |                                |         | (`Deprecated`, use `tcp.host` instead) IP address or the Hostname of the TCP server.               |
```

> | port                             | integer | optional    |                                | [0,...] | (`Deprecated`, replaced with `tcp.port`) Target upstream port.                                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| port                             | integer | optional    |                                | [0,...] | (`Deprecated`, use  `tcp.port` instead) Target upstream port.                                       |
```

> | tls                              | boolean | optional    | false                          |         | (`Deprecated`, replaced with `tcp.tls`) Control whether to perform SSL verification.                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tls                              | boolean | optional    | false                          |         | (`Deprecated`, use `tcp.tls` instead) Control whether to perform SSL verification.                 |
```

> | tls_server_name                  | string  | optional    |                                |         | (`Deprecated`, replaced with `tcp.tls_server_name`) The server name for the new TLS extension SNI.   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tls_server_name                  | string  | optional    |                                |         | (`Deprecated`, use `tcp.tls_server_name` instead) The server name for the new TLS extension SNI.   |
```
